# The Flaming Marshmallow

## THE STORY

Mallow, a young sweet from the marshmallow kingdom has lived his life knowing nothing but war. A long arduous war invloving the four great kingdoms of Candyland; Chocolate, Marshmallow, Ice and Jellies. Living on the border between the Marshmallow and Chocolate kingdom, Mallow's village had always expected the day that the chocolate would invade. They were a peaceful village that 
wanted nothing but to see their children grow up and see a world where they could wonder without worry of conflict and strife. Mallow was a happy child that grew up in a caring family. While the war always made him feel anxious, his optimism and abiltiy to see positivity in everything kept him smiling through these tough times. The one thing he always wondered was why the two kingdoms couldn't be friends.

The Chocolate kingdom was vast in comparison to the rest of the continent and it was rapidly furthering their reach. The ice kingdom had already been reduced to nearly nothing after the Chocolate's managed to drain their land of their sweetness, thus turning it into a scorching place of heat, melting the kingdom to it's knees. The Chocolate had gained access to a mysterious piece of technology that overwhelmed the kingdom assuring there was nothing the Ice could do to resist. All those who were not melted were taken prisoner, but nevertheless the kingdom had fallen a decade before the present day.

At around the same time as the melting incident, the Chocolate kingdom also looked to gain more land elsewhere, thus gaining more reasorces for their already unstoppable army. And being on the border between the two strifing kingdoms, it was Mallow's village that was to take the hit. The chocolate's were quick and ruthless savages, eating everything in their wake. The villagers had little combat experience so they could only put up so much of a fight before they succumbed to their fate. Mallow's father, being the lookout of the village had anticapated this surprise attack before anyone else could and with this chance, he did the only thing a loving father would in this situation. He did the very best to ensure the safety of his child Mallow.

Mallow was but a child and yet he was sent off on his own outside the safety of his village for the first time. Unsure of the fate his parents and everyone he had ever knew or cared about held, Mallow began to grow a resentment towards the kingdom of Chocolate, the ones who were propagating and prolonging the needless war in mallows eyes and in this rage and resentment, Mallow swore to take 
revenge on the Chocolate kingdom and end this war once and for all. Armed with the power of being able to burst into flames at will, mallow holds a crucial advantages that could swing the tides of power between the two kingdoms.
